source: https://forums.alliedmods.net/showthread.php?p=1463891

Automatic Campaign Switcher

Drag and Drop Map Cycling for Left 4 Dead 2


Automatic Campaign Switcher, or ACS, was created as an easily deployed solution to maintain a campaign/map rotation on a Left 4 Dead 2 server. This solves the problem of players returning to the lobby because the vote to restart a campaign was not passed. By default, ACS will cycle through maps in chronological order corresponding to the Left4Dead story timeline. However, this can easily be modified to run a different rotation, as well as to add custom campaigns/maps. ACS also includes a voting system in which people can vote for their favorite campaign/map if they wish to interrupt the current cycle. The winning campaign/map will become the next map the server loads once the current one has been completed. I wrote ACS in such a way that is relatively easy to understand and edit for those who wish to modify the source for their needs.


The source code can be found on my github.


Installation

Simply drag the .smx file into your plugins folder. Your plugins folder will likely be something like this:

C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\left 4 dead 2\left4dead2\addons\sourcemod\plugins\

Features

ACS is easy to install, there is no messing with text files, just plug and play.
Automatically rotates campaigns/maps in the L4D story chronological order.
Easily set up your own custom campaign rotation by editing a plain text config file.
Voting System that allows players to vote for the next campaign/map.
Supports every stock gamemode in L4D2:
coop
realism
versus
teamversus
teamscavenge
scavenge
mutation 1-20
community 1-5
Supports dynamic gamemode switching.
In other words, ACS will still work if the server switches to another game mode without restarting or shutting down the server.
You can limit the amount of failures during a Coop campaign finale map before ACS will switch to the next campaign.


Player Commands

!mapvote - Allows any player to vote and revote for the next campaign to play
!mapvotes - Displays to the player the current vote winner as well as all of the current votes

Customizing ACS

Custom Settings

If you want to disable the voting system or change other settings, then edit the cvars in the config file. This file will be located in a location similar to this:

C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\left 4 dead 2\left4dead2\cfg\sourcemod\Automatic_Campaign _Switcher_vX.X.X.cfg

Console Variables (CVars)

Code:
// Version of Automatic Campaign Switcher (ACS) on this server
acs_version

// Enables players to vote for the next map or campaign [0 = DISABLED, 1 = ENABLED]
acs_voting_system_enabled "1"

// Determines if a sound plays when a new map is winning the vote [0 = DISABLED, 1 = ENABLED]
acs_voting_sound_enabled "1"

// Sets how to advertise voting at the start of the map [0 = DISABLED, 1 = HINT TEXT, 2 = CHAT TEXT, 3 = OPEN VOTE MENU]
acs_voting_ad_mode "3"

// Time, in seconds, to wait after survivors leave the start area to advertise voting as defined in acs_voting_ad_mode
acs_voting_ad_delay_time "1.0"

// Sets how the next campaign/map is advertised during a finale or scavenge map [0 = DISABLED, 1 = HINT TEXT, 2 = CHAT TEXT]
acs_next_map_ad_mode "1"

// The time, in seconds, between advertisements for the next campaign/map on finales and scavenge maps
acs_next_map_ad_interval "600.0"

// The amount of times the survivors can fail a finale in Coop before it switches to the next campaign [0 = INFINITE FAILURES]
acs_max_coop_finale_failures "4"

Custom Campaigns/Maps

If you choose to change the default map rotation or set up a custom maps, then edit acs_map_list.txt which can be found in a location similar to this:

C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\left 4 dead 2\left4dead2\addons\sourcemod\configs\acs_map _list.txt

acs_map_list.txt

Code:
// Automatic Campaign Switcher (ACS) Map List Config File
// ======================================================
// This file was automatically generated by ACS v2.0.0
// 
// USAGE
// 1) Each row represents one map for one game mode.
// 2) The order the maps are listed here controls the order in game.
// 3) Custom maps work, as long as the server can load the map.
// 4) There is a hardcoded limit of 200 maps, changeable in the source.
// 5) CAMPAIGN, SCAVENGE, and SURVIVAL are the only game modes needed.
// 6) SCAVENGE and SURVIVAL do not require a END_MAP_NAME.
// 7) Changes made while server is running will be loaded on next map change.
// 8) Check server console output to see if everything loaded into ACS properly.
// 
// COLUMN HEADERS
// GAMEMODE, MAP_DESCRIPTION, START_MAP_NAME, END_MAP_NAME

// CAMPAIGN MAPS
CAMPAIGN, No Mercy, c8m1_apartment, c8m5_rooftop
CAMPAIGN, Crash Course, c9m1_alleys, c9m2_lots
CAMPAIGN, Death Toll, c10m1_caves, c10m5_houseboat
CAMPAIGN, Dead Air, c11m1_greenhouse, c11m5_runway
CAMPAIGN, Blood Harvest, c12m1_hilltop, c12m5_cornfield
CAMPAIGN, The Sacrifice, c7m1_docks, c7m3_port
CAMPAIGN, Dead Center, c1m1_hotel, c1m4_atrium
CAMPAIGN, The Passing, c6m1_riverbank, c6m3_port
CAMPAIGN, Dark Carnival, c2m1_highway, c2m5_concert
CAMPAIGN, Swamp Fever, c3m1_plankcountry, c3m4_plantation
CAMPAIGN, Hard Rain, c4m1_milltown_a, c4m5_milltown_escape
CAMPAIGN, The Parish, c5m1_waterfront, c5m5_bridge
CAMPAIGN, Cold Stream, c13m1_alpinecreek, c13m4_cutthroatcreek
CAMPAIGN, The Last Stand, c14m1_junkyard, c14m2_lighthouse

// SCAVENGE MAPS
SCAVENGE, No Mercy: The Apartments, c8m1_apartment
SCAVENGE, No Mercy: The Rooftop, c8m5_rooftop
SCAVENGE, Crash Course: The Alleys, c9m1_alleys
SCAVENGE, Death Toll: The Church, c10m3_ranchhouse
SCAVENGE, Dead Air: The Terminal, c11m4_terminal
SCAVENGE, Blood Harvest: The Farmhouse, c12m5_cornfield
SCAVENGE, The Sacrifice: Brick Factory, c7m1_docks
SCAVENGE, The Sacrifice: Barge, c7m2_barge
SCAVENGE, Dead Center: Mall Atrium, c1m4_atrium
SCAVENGE, The Passing: Riverbank, c6m1_riverbank
SCAVENGE, The Passing: Underground, c6m2_bedlam
SCAVENGE, The Passing: Port, c6m3_port
SCAVENGE, Dark Carnival: Motel, c2m1_highway
SCAVENGE, Swamp Fever: Plank Country, c3m1_plankcountry
SCAVENGE, Hard Rain: Milltown, c4m1_milltown_a
SCAVENGE, Hard Rain: Sugar Mill, c4m2_sugarmill_a
SCAVENGE, The Parish: Park, c5m2_park
SCAVENGE, The Last Stand: The Village, c14m1_junkyard
SCAVENGE, The Last Stand: The Lighthouse, c14m2_lighthouse

// SURVIVAL MAPS
SURVIVAL, No Mercy: Generator Room, c8m2_subway
SURVIVAL, No Mercy: Rooftop, c8m5_rooftop
SURVIVAL, Crash Course: Truck Depot, c9m2_lots
SURVIVAL, The Sacrifice: Train Car, c7m1_docks
SURVIVAL, The Sacrifice: Port, c7m3_port
SURVIVAL, Dead Center: Mall Atrium, c1m4_atrium
SURVIVAL, The Passing: Riverbank, c6m1_riverbank
SURVIVAL, The Passing: Underground, c6m2_bedlam
SURVIVAL, The Passing: Port, c6m3_port
SURVIVAL, Dark Carnival: Motel, c2m1_highway
SURVIVAL, Dark Carnival: Stadium Gate, c2m4_barns
SURVIVAL, Dark Carnival: Concert, c2m5_concert
SURVIVAL, Swamp Fever: Gator Village, c3m1_plankcountry
SURVIVAL, Swamp Fever: Plantation, c3m4_plantation
SURVIVAL, Hard Rain: Burger Tank, c4m1_milltown_a
SURVIVAL, Hard Rain: Sugar Mill, c4m2_sugarmill_a
SURVIVAL, The Parish: Bus Depot, c5m2_park
SURVIVAL, The Parish: Bridge, c5m5_bridge
SURVIVAL, The Last Stand: Junkyard, c14m1_junkyard
SURVIVAL, The Last Stand: Lighthouse, c14m2_lighthouse